RHIDP-7461: List the steps for role-based access in UI (#1176)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/assembly-delegating-rbac-access-rhdh.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY

[id="assembly-delegating-rbac-access-rhdh_{context}"]
= Delegating role-based access controls (RBAC) access in {product}

An enterprise customer requires the ability to delegate role-based access control (RBAC) responsibilities to other individuals in the organization. In this scenario, you, as the administrator, can provide access to the RBAC plugin specifically to designated users, such as team leads. Each team lead is then able to manage permissions exclusively for users within their respective team or department, without visibility into or control over permissions outside their assigned scope. This approach allows team leads to manage access and permissions for their own teams independently, while administrators maintain global oversight.

> In {product}, you can delegate RBAC access using the multitenancy feature of the RBAC plugin, specifically the `IS_OWNER` conditional rule. You can either use the Web UI or the RBAC backend API, depending on your preferred workflow and level of automation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product}, you can delegate RBAC access by using the multitenancy feature of the RBAC plugin, which you do by applying the `IS_OWNER` conditional rule. You can either use the web UI or the RBAC backend API, depending on your preferred workflow and level of automation:
```

> * The Web UI allows you to create roles, assign users or groups, define permissions, and apply ownership conditions through an intuitive interface.
> 
> * The API offers a more flexible and automatable approach, where you can programmatically manage roles, permissions, and ownership conditions using authenticated curl requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the web UI to create roles, assign users or groups, define permissions, and apply ownership conditions through an intuitive interface.

* Use the API for a more flexible and automatable approach, where you can programmatically manage roles, permissions, and ownership conditions using authenticated curl requests.
```
to make this more user-centric

Vale also doesn't like _automatable_ but I left it. A potential alternative could be something like _automation-friendly._
